Restructure of TLS Context (#46)
mulesoft/docs-anypoint-security: modules/ROOT/pages/cipher-suites.adoc

= Cipher Suites
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> When you configure a TLS Context, default ciphers are applied with the TLS context based on the TLS version you selected. If you don't use the defaults, you can select ciphers that match the configured keystore to ensure that TLS can set up a connection: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you configure a TLS context, default ciphers are applied to it based on the TLS version you selected. If you don't want to use the defaults, you can select ciphers that match the configured keystore to ensure that TLS can set up a connection: 
```

* For a keystore with an RSA key (the most common type), select ciphers that contain the string `RSA`. 
* If you are using ECC ciphers, select ciphers that contain the string `ECDSA`. +
Consult TLS standards and documentation for more information. 
* If a client device supports AES-dedicated CPU instructions, use the AES-GCM ciphers. +

> If the client does not support AES-dedicated instructions (some mobile and IoT devices), the client negotiates to use `CHACHA20-POLY1305`. It takes two (client and server) to perform the CHACHA.

Reviewer: two...devices? two what?
